Update support.md (#2693)
nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric: site/content/support.md

- If you have any suggestions or enhancement requests, please [open an idea](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric/discussions/categories/ideas) on GitHub discussions.

- You can contact us directly, by sending an email to [kubernetes@nginx.com](mailto:kubernetes@nginx.com) or on the [NGINX Community Slack](https://nginxcommunity.slack.com/channels/nginx-gateway-fabric), in the #nginx-gateway-fabric channel.
  

> - If your team needs dedicated support for NGINX Gateway Fabric in your environment, or you would like to leverage our [advanced NGINX Plus features](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-gateway-fabric/overview/nginx-plus/), you can reach out [here](https://www.f5.com/content/f5-com/en_us/products/get-f5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you need dedicated support for NGINX Gateway Fabric, or you would like to leverage our [advanced NGINX Plus features](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-gateway-fabric/overview/nginx-plus/), you can [contact F5 Sales](https://www.f5.com/content/f5-com/en_us/products/get-f5).
```
[Don't use "click here" as link text](https://www.w3.org/QA/Tips/noClickHere), and directly addressing the reader (Who may be a solo developer without a team). Don't need to specify "your environment" because you're unlikely to be looking for commercial support for someone else.
